---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "prom-v1alpha1_export_list Data Source - prom-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# prom-v1alpha1_export_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) ExportSpec defines the desired state of Export (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) ExportStatus defines the observed state of Export (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `exports` (Attributes List) Exports is the list of metrics and their sources to be exposed to Prometheus (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--exports))
- `group` (String) Metric group, defines the collector the metrics belong to.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--exports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.exports`

Optional:

- `fields` (List of String) An optional set of fields to be exposed by this export.
- `labels` (Attributes) Labels allows to add labels to the generated metrics,
either statically (predefined set of label/value) or
dynamically based on a path+field
retrieved from EDB. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--exports--labels))
- `mappings` (Attributes List) Mappings are a set of rules used to map metrics values to values
that can be ingested by Prometheus, e.g: DOWN->1, UP->2 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--exports--mappings))
- `metric_name` (Attributes) metric name renaming regex and replacement (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--exports--metric_name))
- `path` (String) The state DB path to export, in the format '.namespace.node.srl.interface'
- `prefix` (String) An optional prefix to add to all metrics exposed by this export, for example 'interface'
- `resource` (Attributes) A Custom resource to be used as a source for the metric.
It will generate a metric with the CR labels and a value of 1. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--exports--resource))
- `where` (String) A where clause to use for the query, e.g. 'oper-state = down'. You can omit enclosing parentheses.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--exports--labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.exports.labels`

Optional:

- `dynamic` (Attributes List) DynamicLabels defines a list of dynamic labels to add to the metrics.
The only supported dynamic source is a path+field from SA.
The regex and replacement are used to extract the Label value from SA response. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--exports--labels--dynamic))
- `static` (Attributes List) StaticLabels defines a list of static labels and values to
be added to the default labels of the generated metric. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--exports--labels--static))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--exports--labels--dynamic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.exports.labels.dynamic`

Optional:

- `field` (String) The field name to add as a label
- `path` (String) The state DB path to export, in the format '.node.srl.interface'
- `regex` (String) A regular expression to be applied to the field value.
- `replacement` (String) A regular expression replacement to be applied to the field value.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--exports--labels--static"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.exports.labels.static`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Label name.
- `value` (String) Label value.



<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--exports--mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.exports.mappings`

Optional:

- `destination` (String) Destination defines the new value.
It can be a regular expression with replacement groups.
Its data type must be convertible to a float64.
- `source` (String) Source defines the value to be mapped.
It can be a regular expression with capture groups.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--exports--metric_name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.exports.metric_name`

Optional:

- `regex` (String) A regular expression to be applied to the metric name
- `replacement` (String) A regular expression replacement to be applied to the metric name


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--exports--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.exports.resource`

Optional:

- `group` (String) The CR group such as `core.eda.nokia.com`.
- `kind` (String) The CR kind such as `toponode`.
- `labels` (List of String) List of labels to include with the metric.
Include all if not set.
- `name` (String) CR name to be queried.
Get all of not set.
- `namespace` (String) The CR namespace, it defaults to all if not specified.
- `version` (String) The CR version such as `v1` or `v1alpha1`.




<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`
